BIRDSONG. DUCKS QUACKING
CHEERING
BEEP
MAN: A new county record!
Well done. Rowan!
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Whoo!
DANCE MUSIC. LAUGHTER
CHATTER
Here's Mags. Look
at this. Maggie!
Hey!
Do you want another
drink? I shouldn't.
No. you should.
you really should!
Go. go. go. I shouldn't!
Get her down. Carrie.
before she hurts herself.
Sorry. why would I
want to do that. Aaron?
Spoil the fun. Come
on! Go. Maggie!
Whoo!
It's funny! It's funny.
MAGGIE COUGHING
SHE SNIFFS
BIRDSONG
WOMAN: Maggie!
MAN: Maggie!
SPEECH INAUDIBLE
BELL TOLLS
BEEP
SHE SIGHS
CAR LOCK BEEPS
MAN: Right. shouldn't
take too long.
It's... DCI Ellis? No.
I thought you said she was here?
Four. five. six. seven. eight.
Had worse. Sorry?
Oh. sorry. yeah.
erm... DCI Ellis.
I am DS Chet Harper.
Right. Let's head up. then.
Yeah. Er...
This way. After you.
Yeah. sorry. Er... I
mean. it was 50/50.
Have you ever been
up here before?
Yeah. School trip.
Although might have
been the Lake District.
Hard to tell with all the rain.
SUCKS TEETH The
Lakes. No comparison.
Best place on Earth. this.
Maybe it was. then. 50/50.
HE GRUNTS
It's all go here this morning.
We brought someone in. Stephen
Mason. the stepfather. Hmm.
OK. listen up.
Yeah. guys! Over here.
Right. good. Er...
Thanks. everyone.
So. erm... this is DCI Ellis...
..who Assistant Chief Constable
Leighton has placed in charge
of the Rowan Edwards' case and
disappearance of Maggie Bradley.
I'll need to set up
my office. Your...?
Yeah. we didn't think you'd...
No-one had...
I can get that sorted for
you. boss. Viewing room. then.
Now?
MAN: Hello?
'Let's discuss the
argument you had with Rowan
'when he came to pick Maggie
up at the house that night.'
Gave the lad a
telling off. is all.
Neighbour said it
sounded heated.
Listen. the last
time he took her out.
she didn't get home until
three in the morning.
Did that bother you. did it?
It bothered her mum.
'Speaking of Linda. neighbours
heard you and her arguing
'after Maggie and Rowan left.
'What. that? It
was... It was nothing.
'You stormed out of the house. I
didn't storm out. I just left.'
And didn't come back
till the morning.
Like I told you. I
stay at the caravan.
At East Moor Caravan
Park. right? That's right.
Hmm. FINGERS DRUM TABLE
You see. the problem
we've got. Stephen.
is we can't find anyone to
corroborate what you're telling us.
The manager at the site says that
you didn't check in to the office.
Well. it was late.
the office was closed.
They've got cameras at the gate.
'We checked the footage.'
Were you jealous?
Were you jealous of Rowan?
Sorry. what? Come on.
Private school.
Got his own wheels.
Keeping Maggie out
till God knows when.
getting up to all sorts.
And she's a pretty girl.
What's that got to
do with anything?
'Can't have escaped your notice.
You lived with her for three years.'
Unlock the door. I think the
boss has it under control.
Key! Now! 'Almost 18.'
Now. 'Almost a woman.'
A younger version of her mum?
Like Linda must have been before
she trotted up over the hill.
so to speak.
Mr Mason!
Mr Mason.
Stephen Mason's got a temper.
Who'd have thought it. eh?
And you are?
This is DCI Ellis. boss.
Oh? Yeah?
DCI "Lend A Helping Hand". eh?
Well. as you can see. we've got
things very much in hand here.
DCI Belmont. I'm in charge.
But you're not. Not any more.
So I need you to
get me up to speed.
Your office will do nicely.
HE CHUCKLES
PHONES RING. CHATTER
It's standard protocol.
He's a person of interest.
That's as clear as day. Also
the father of a missing girl.
The stepfather. Of
a victim of a crime.
Some might say also a victim.
CHUCKLING: Does that look
like a victim to you?
More like a man
under extreme stress.
reacting to harassment.
No.
No. you can get off that
high horse right away.
We're not the Met up
here. you know that.
As far as I'm concerned.
Stephen Mason is just
the same as anyone else.
He is a suspect with
a record and a motive
and a great fat
hole in his alibi.
You could be right. and perhaps
Mr Mason knows where Maggie is.
Exactly. so with
a bit of pressure.
I reckon he'll lead
us right to her body!
I wasn't aware of any evidence
pointing to Maggie's death.
She's missing. She's
not confirmed as dead.
I'm here to lead a
murder investigation
and a missing persons.
I need the good will and
cooperation of all family members.
You're here because
the higher-ups
want to see us pulling
out all the stops
because that kid's
mum's an ex-MP
who made her name putting
the boot into my force.
I didn't request your presence
or your advice. No-one did.
So. all this. you...
it's just shite and
shoeshine politics.
Good.
So. we all just play nice.
we make it look pretty.
Harper!
I'm driving. We'll
bring you up to speed.
Chet... keep an eye on her.
Yeah. of course.
CAR LOCK BEEPS
Er... Little Switzerland
they call it.
on account of the
hills. I suppose.
BABY CRIES
Yeah. it's... It's a nice place.
but it's a pain in the arse
in the summer with
all the tourists.
Well. "best place on Earth".
You do this a lot. then?
Like. take over cases?
You must have a thick skin.
I mean. you know.
police can get arsey
about people muscling
in on their patch.
Pathologist's report. Headlines.
Yep.
Rowan was struck from behind.
No defensive wounds
to hands or arms.
although his watch was smashed.
Skin discolouration.
He was blue.
Yeah. must have been
freezing in the water.
Significant blunt force trauma.
Metallic fragments and
particles of rust in the wounds.
Er. some kind of tool.
either outdoors or old.
Three blows to the
back of the skull.
enough to kill him or to...
Coroner feels it's the most
plausible cause of death.
Still. not confirmed.
nor the murder weapon.
No time of death established.
Nothing pointing to anyone.
Belmont brought Stephen
Mason in on a fishing trip.
The boss feels like
Mason is our man.
He's got a criminal record.
He's a care leaver
with four months suspended for
breaking and entering in 2011
and no history of violence.
He's still lying
about where he was
the night his
stepdaughter went missing.
'Is she there yet?'
Yeah. pulling in now.
'Received.'
The perimeter
search showed us...?
No blood. no personal effects.
No damage to the car
or signs of struggle.
And the divers. they
have been out twice.
and nothing from
the water gave...
Showed us the Audi's tracks.
No other vehicle
coming or going.
Two partial footprints.
looks like wellies.
The mud in the footprints doesn't
match the soil around here.
Yeah. it's on
Rowan's jeans. too.
I sent a sample to analysis.
Someone pushed the
car into the lake.
It tipped on the shelf and
settled at a 20-degree angle.
No prints or DNA
below the waterline.
Blood. all Rowan's.
on the upholstery.
And the towel. Yeah. but not
much. because it was on his...
It was over his face. Mm-hm.
Covered his face.
Only blood at the
scene is Rowan's.
But Maggie was definitely in the
car. Like. she was sick on...
Where's she going now?
Rowan and Maggie were
last seen alive at 2:30am.
leaving the school pool
after late practice.
It was more of a late-night
pool party. boss. Mm-hm?
So. Rowan smashed a record
that day. and one of his mates.
he got the keys off
his dad. the coach.
and he invited a few kids.
Their phones haven't been
recovered. but the last pings
were off the same tower.
just outside Hanmore.
Yeah. about. well.
30 minutes away.
And both phones. they
went dead an hour later.
Wild swimmer finds
a car at dawn. 7:15.
The only way in or
out is that track.
unless you swim the lake.
It's a 12-minute drive down.
About a 55-minute
hike back up the road.
So. sometime around four.
Rowan was beaten unconscious
with a rusty tool.
Killer puts him in the back seat
and drives out here to
get rid of the body.
say. 5am. latest.
And so the car gets stuck and...
Killer gives up. leaves on foot
and gets to the road
before the swimmer arrives.
From initial attack to the
killer fleeing the scene.
less than two hours. Yeah.
Not enough time.
Not enough time for
what? For Maggie.
No. Maggie... Maggie was
definitely in the car.
She was sick on the towel.
Not at the same
time. she wasn't.
The towel was placed under Maggie.
probably to protect the car seat.
and over Rowan.
The blood and the sick
are on the same side.
OK. Well. what if
she was driving?
A 17-year-old girl... Yeah.
..barefoot. legless. no licence.
manages to kill her boyfriend.
then teach herself to
drive a car down that track
in the dark. without a scratch.
and then push it in the lake.
Can't see it myself.
She could have been
in the passenger seat.
or she could be an accomplice. or
she could have been brought here
against her own will.
In either case...
Good luck dragging a
body back up the road.
OK. what if she was
brought here dead?
She'd be here.
and she isn't. OK.
If she was with Rowan when
he was attacked... Yeah.
..and if she didn't do it.
then... she's most likely dead.
Killed wherever.
whenever he was.
You don't dispose of one
body and keep the other.
or bring it. only to drag
it back up hill on foot.
Makes no sense and no time.
Maggie's body isn't here
cos Maggie isn't dead.
I really need a...
Pee? I... I could
do with one myself.
A place to work.
An office.
Since we're stuck in the field.
let's interview the
victims' parents.
Yeah. we... We did that already.
Louise Edwards is gonna
love another intrusion
from her "local. incapable
police force" (!)
It's before my time. Belmont
and her used to butt heads.
Hmm. Civilians. eh?
They demand the case
gets solved pronto.
but God forbid you skip a
bit of protocol now and then.
GATE BEEPS
God forbid.
I mean. I can be a bit
of a civilian myself
when it comes to
protocol and skipping.
PHONE PINGS
KNOCKING
Thought this might
interest you. Sir.
HE SIGHS
The office. like she requested.
Ah!
Get Harper back here.
DOORBELL RINGS
DS Hooper? It's
Harper. Mr Mercer.
And this is DCI Ellis.
She is now leading
the investigation.
This is Rowan's
uncle. Mr Mercer.
My deepest
condolences. Mr Mercer.
I was hoping to speak to Mr and
Mrs Edwards. if they're home?
Yes. of course.
If you've pulled someone in. we
should've been first to know.
Typical of that Belmont.
Idiot.
Have you charged him yet?
All I can tell you is a
man is helping us with...
A man? Do you think
we don't know who?
I know everything that
goes on in this town.
I know all about Mason.
Just the sort to...
beat a kid to death.
I understand how incredibly
hard this is for you.
Oh. really. You do. do you?
DCI Ellis. perhaps we could
pick this up another day?
Maggie may not have
another day. Mr Mercer.
No. of course. it's just that today
has been particularly challenging
for my sister and her husband.
You've taken over from Belmont?
I have. yes. Mrs Edwards.
So. what do you want from us?
I want... to know about Rowan.
To hear from the people who
knew him. who loved him.
Louise. you've already gone
over every single detail.
I want to discuss my son...
in as much detail and
for as long as it takes.
Thank you. DCI Ellis.
What do you want to know?
It would be helpful. Mrs Edwards.
to hear from you how Rowan was
in the days leading
up to his death.
He seemed completely fine.
If he was preoccupied
in any way.
GASPING SCOFF
Teenagers can be... complicated.
Jesus Christ!
You want to know
how our son was?
Who he was?
He was a kid.
A bright. beautiful kid.
Not complicated.
not preoccupied.
Not a care in the world until
that bastard killed him!
HE SOBS
I loved to watch him swim.
I'd wonder how Michael and I
produced something so... graceful.
I apologise for my husband.
Men don't cope as well
as we do. do they?
Don't have to. I suppose.
I don't know what coping looks
like under the circumstances.
Rowan's team-mates.
The A-Squad.
His friends.
Family. really.
Swimming was his life. so
I suppose they were. too.
Oh. that's Amy. my brother's
girl. Rowan's cousin.
They grew up together.
the two of them.
Inseparable.
She's...
She's in pieces.
Thank you.
My brother took care of Rowan -
all of us. really -
while I was in office.
None of which seems worth a
single second spent away from...
..my boy.
Maggie's not in this photo.
Maggie wasn't a swimmer.
She wasn't at Meredale.
It's private. and her family...
I've no idea where they met.
Teenagers...
one minute. you're sewing
name labels on their clothes.
next. they're...
Nice enough girl.
But Rowan was off to
university in October.
It was never going to last.
so we didn't exactly...
invest. and...
Durham. to study politics.
Yes!
Ha!
He never listened to me.
Why did Stephen
Mason kill my son?
I never said he
did. Mrs Edwards.
But you've arrested him.
and he's got history.
I didn't. and there's no
history that I'm aware of.
I see.
Are you finished?
Erm...
I need to... check on Michael. and
let my brother get back to Amy.
Peter Pan. the green man.
Wind farmer and keeper of the gates
when Louise Edwards was an MP.
PHONE RINGS Ooh.
Er... DS Harper.
Yeah. OK. we're on our way.
They've found
something on Mason.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
DCI Ellis.
So glad you could join us.
Our resident techy. Miss Trent. has
pulled these from Mason's phone.
Mason still look
like a victim. eh?
This is DCI Ellis.
She is the officer in charge
of this investigation.
What. this your
new strategy. then?
She here to make
me feel all cosy?
She's here to find
Maggie. Mr Mason.
Let's take a look
at these. shall we?
These were on your phone. 41
images in total. all Maggie.
Seriously?
You two arrest me on suspicion
of murdering two kids
and all you've got to
hold me on is... is this?
You bunch of...
I didn't take them.
Linda did. Yeah?
Maggie and Linda saw some bloody
programme about teenage models.
wanted pics to
send to an agency.
So. for the record. these pictures
were taken by your partner.
Linda Bradley. on
your phone because...
Well. my phone's
got a better camera.
It's a bit dodgy.
isn't it. Mason?
Grown man walking around with photos
of some teenage girl on his phone?
No. because Maggie isn't
just some teenage girl.
Maggie's my stepdaughter.
I'd never do
anything to hurt her.
But you are hurting
her. Mr Mason.
Right now. you.
me. all of us here.
should be out there. combing
those hills in the rain.
trying to find Maggie.
Instead of which. because of
you. we're all in this poxy room.
trying to work out
exactly why you're lying
about spending the
night in a caravan park
while your stepdaughter
went missing
and her boyfriend was
brutally murdered.
So. in answer to your
question. Mr Mason.
I'm not here to make
you feel all cosy.
I'm here to find Maggie!
Rowan's killer. yeah.
but most of all. Maggie.
because Maggie is
the one we can save.
But I can't do that until I find
out why the hell you're lying!
Oh. bleeding heck.
missus. Hardcore.
I was at the caravan.
FINGERS DRUM TABLE
Don't know what more you want.
Like I said. I want to
find out why he's lying.
Because he killed Rowan Edwards!
Maggie. too. most likely.
"Maggie isn't some
teenage girl."
Present tense.
"Maggie's my stepdaughter."
In Mason's head.
Maggie's still alive.
So let's keep her that way.
One more thing I want. Trent!
A list of every reported crime in
or around Hanmore. the night of.
Small stuff -
break-ins. car thefts.
DRILL WHIRRING
POLICE RADIO CHATTER
That one.
Er... That's Linda Bradley.
No. I mean him.
What. him? He's
not on our radar.
He should be.
Where's Stephen?
I need him here!
Mrs Bradley. this is DCI Ellis.
Was it you arrested my Stephen?
Stephen's down at the
station. helping out.
Yeah. I'd have thought
you'd know better.
Hey. love. The Watsons. they're...
they're not coming out tomorrow.
You did that! You did!
Ever since Stephen got arrested.
half the volunteers.
they've gone home.
Who's gonna come out tomorrow?
Who's gonna look
for Maggie now?!
You must be freezing.
Why don't we all go in
and have some tea. yeah?
I took them. just like he said.
You're holding
Stephen over that?
Thought you'd caught him
messing about with Maggie?
You're sick.
We wouldn't be doing our jobs. Mrs
Bradley. if we didn't pursue it.
Well. you can bloody well stop
pursuing it. cos I know Stephen.
and he's not that man.
I don't think any mum thinks
that their man is that man.
You got kids?
A daughter.
You keep her safe? I try to.
Because that's what mums
do. first. foremost. always.
Protect our kids.
The slightest chance
that I thought Stephen
could lay a finger on my
girls. he would be out.
and I would be the first
one to call the police.
I believe you.
But I don't believe him
cos I know he's lying.
Mr Mason told us
that he went out
after you had a
disagreement over Rowan.
Well. it weren't about
Rowan. He's a good kid.
Was.
And I feel sorry for
the family. the Edwards.
but... you know the sort.
Money. the big house.
They're used to
getting what they want.
and they don't want their
son with the likes of us.
Did you...? Did you worry
that Rowan might hurt Maggie?
That he might break her heart?
Never.
But Stephen...
..he expects the worst.
Cos of how he was raised.
Care homes and...
"Life's a shit sandwich.
Maggie. Get used to it."
Linda. Mr Mason told you that he
went to the caravan that night.
But he didn't. We checked.
Yeah. but how he was raised
is why he would never do
anything to hurt this family.
We're all he's got. and he
wouldn't risk losing us.
Look. if you're done. I've
got a really early start.
TILL BEEPS
If anyone shows up. that is.
Thanks for the tea. Mm-hm.
Rain... home.
So. what can I get you. boss?
Like I said. a list of everything
called in on the night.
Right. yeah. Erm...
Trent sent something
over. Mm-hm?
Erm... 'Twas a typical
Saturday night.
A farmer called about a
trespass in Cranbriar.
Erm... Breaking and entering's.
A taxi was broken
into on Church Street.
Send me the CCTV of that.
That's what happens
when you skip protocol.
A shit sandwich.
Anything else. boss?
The sister. Rain.
She wasn't at the party. She
was at home with her mum.
OK.
So go on. tell us.
About what? About
your daughter?
Name? Age?
Tell me about him tomorrow.
SHE MOUTHS. PHONE RINGS
Ma'am?
'If it seems like I'm
checking up on you.
'that's because I am checking.'
I only got here this morning!
'On you. Ells. not the case.'
I'm good.
Wondering why I've
been parachuted in.
'They wanted the best.'
It needs some delicate handling
with the media interest.
Belmont's a dickhead.
'I don't disagree.'
I wish I could say
he's one of a kind.
but he's anything
but. CHATTER OUTSIDE
'Oh. he's one of a
herd. is Belmont.
'A herd of bullocks
in a China shop.'
I'm sure you didn't just
describe a fellow officer
as "bollocks". Assistant
Chief Commissioner.
'I most certainly
did not. DCI Ellis.'
GIRL: Please. I can't do this
now. 'Look. Ell. bullock or not.
'it's his China shop. and he's
gonna defend it any way he can.'
Yeah. I get it. Best behaviour.
'Not what I'm saying.
'Look. we're grateful
for you stepping in.
'But coming off gardening leave.
you'd be forgiven for being keen.
'You think Maggie's alive.'
Yeah... I do.
She's alive.
Gardening leave.
we're calling it?
'Politics aside. I felt this
job would be good for you.
'And there's no-one
better to bring her home.'
Ah!
'Get some sleep. Be
in touch soon.' Mm-hm.
DISCONNECTING BEEPS
BEEP
PHONE PINGS Oh.
Damn.
PHONE RINGS
Hello? DS HARPER:
'I'm still downstairs.
'I just wondered if you
fancied grabbing a drink.
'You know. bit of
bonding.' I'm working!
Right. Course. Maybe another...
Rain.
Christ. I can't take
any more of this.
First Stephen. now you!
Tell us what's going
on in this video. Rain.
You don't know what
it's like. Mum.
When I go out. people
staring. whispering.
Can't stay in the house
all the time. I'd go nuts.
So you go out when
the streets are quiet.
This wasn't the first time.
What's in the
shopping bags. Rain?
Nothing. Stuff from home.
Crisps. chocolates.
What? You're the one who's
always telling me to eat more!
And is there somewhere special
that you like to go. Rain?
To... To be alone?
Nowhere.
The park.
I sit on the swings
or the benches.
OK. Well. your phone can
verify your exact location.
What? No. Mum. I need it!
CAR LOCK BEEPS
Tell me about our friendly
neighbourhood barkeep.
So. name. Charles Braine.
Known as Carlos to his friends.
How'd you know that?
Oh. forget it. Er...
Full-time at the pub.
No priors.
Working late the night
of and got a cab home.
Sounds squeaky?
Man in his 30s. nicknamed
Carlos to his friends.
all of whom appear
to be under 18.
Squeaky (!)
Ah. So you knew he's a dealer.
Unless Carlos has a reliable supply
of something else that kids want.
What I do know is that dealers
get to know their customers
a lot better than
their parents ever do.
PHONE RINGS
I'm on it. Sarge.
Yeah. I'd like to bring
in a person of interest.
So. who's next?
Yes. Rowan is a devastating
loss to the team. to. erm...
Coaching is a pretty
intimate relationship.
Maybe you knew a side to
Rowan his parents didn't.
Mm.
I knew he had it. Knew it
as soon as I saw him swim.
Besides that. I knew he
made a great team captain.
Never late for practice.
I'm sorry.
WHISTLE BLOWS Aaron!
Sort out that arm recovery!
How many times do
I have to tell you?
Look. all I'm interested in is
if a swimmer has grit... or not.
I mean. obviously. the
team are a little upset.
But I'm a firm believer in
pushing through adversity.
Yeah? It's like I said.
it's a question of grit.
Er... When did you
last see Rowan?
At the meet. Yeah.
Saturday afternoon.
Rowan swept the
boards. So I hear.
Followed by some
well-deserved celebrations.
Aaron committed a
complete breach of...
Trust me. I'm dealing
with that. mm-hm?
Look at this. Hopeless.
Their hearts aren't
in it. WHISTLE BLOWS
Right. that's it.
everybody. out!
Now!
Sorry.
I've been hearing from the adults
who were close to Rowan and Maggie.
Now I want to hear
from their friends.
It was your last local
derby on the school team.
All of you off to uni. Yeah.
definitely calls for a party.
We all know that's on me. yeah?
So. what more do you want?
To know why one of your friends
is dead and another is missing.
Look. to be honest. that
night was a bit of a blur.
Though. I wasn't out
of it like Maggie.
I mean. no-one was.
I guess some people just
can't hold their drink.
That's why we took your phones.
However out of it you got.
TikTok. Insta. the
Cloud never forgets.
Yeah. Trent is cutting together
some footage as we speak. boss.
So. Maggie...
not in your school. not on
your team. not your friend.
We've been out searching and
everything. in the cold and wet.
Obviously. we're gutted!
But at the end of the day.
Rowan's the one who's dead.
OK? Maggie was just... you
know. Rowan's latest girlfriend.
You just can't help
yourself. can you?
Rowan wasn't yours. yeah?
Wasn't any of ours. not even...
After Rowan and Maggie left...?
Amy dropped me home.
She doesn't drink. but
she's called in sick today.
Understandable.
Rowan's her cousin.
I... made everyone leave.
cleared up and was out by 3:30.
Alone. I walked.
I don't drink and drive.
And...
..I never saw them again.
I think this is
probably the worst thing
that will ever happen to you.
And what's gonna get you
through it is each other.
WOMAN CLEARS THROAT
Like cats and dogs. those two.
Bloody hell. Teenagers.
That's how they get when
they've got something to hide.
So. what's the best way to
get inside these kids' heads?
Their phones. Hmm.
There's Carrie Booth.
And Amy Mercer.
I took her statement. Nice girl.
Rowan and Maggie.
Oh. bloody hell!
Carrie was right.
She can barely stand up.
Where's she off to? Amy
was with Rowan and Maggie?
And she's back.
That's a 20-minute gap.
Twenty minutes when Amy
was with Rowan and Maggie.
talking. probably finding
out where they were going.
Twenty minutes that she didn't
mention in her statement.
I was helping Rowan put
Maggie in the back seat.
She was sparko.
He said he needed
to get her home.
Amy. you know Rowan.
You'd know if things were off
between him and... Maggie?
They seemed good.
Or with the rest of the swim
team. if there was any friction.
Carrie used to go
out with Rowan.
So. Carrie. she resented Maggie?
That's not what Amy said.
She acted like she
wasn't bothered.
but everyone knew
she still liked him.
Some low-level drama. then.
Always a bit of that at parties.
Yeah. like...
..Aaron and Maggie had a
little bit of a row early on.
but I don't even know
what that was about.
Kids' stuff. Exactly.
So. Rowan and Maggie left. and
you went back into the party?
Yeah. I promised
Carrie a lift home.
I was in bed. obviously.
But. erm... I did hear
Amy come in around 3:30.
Yeah. nearly done. Amy.
Erm... So you were putting
Maggie into the back seat.
and sounds like she was
too drunk to say anything.
What about Rowan?
I was only with
him a few minutes.
So... 20 minutes to put a drunk girl
into the back of a car. no chat?
Nicely done on the
footage. Trent.
I need you to pull up
a complete timeline
of Rowan's week
before he was killed.
Bank statements.
texts. snaps. DMs.
Amy's. Carrie's and Aaron's too.
Let's see if there's any
backstory to this row.
Yeah. cousin.
ex-girlfriends. team rival.
Yeah. I'd like a hard copy
of that. please. Trent.
Fine. I'll just go
cut down a tree (!)
They're all hiding
something. boss.
It's like you said. at
each other's throats.
I don't... I don't
read well off screens.
Right.
So. Aaron and Maggie. a row?
I need to get back to
class! Listen. now...
Please. I won't say anything!
Ow!
You hear me?
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Let go of me!
Charles Braine. step back!
Move now! Move!
Everything OK. Carrie?
Yeah. I'm fine.
You sure? Yeah. There's
nothing going on. I'm fine.
She's a bit young for
you. isn't she. Charlie?
What's your problem. Harper? You
heard her. just a friendly chat.
I... I just want a friendly
chat down the station.
Mr Braine.
We know where she is.
All right. Starsky.
Rowan and Maggie
weren't in that night.
and I took a minicab home.
Easily checked.
Surprised you haven't
done so already.
So. Carrie Booth and you were having
a chat at her school about...?
Nothing. I work at
the only bar in town.
Little girls like her. they
drive my girlfriend nuts.
I was just telling
her to back off.
You are popular with the youth.
Can't imagine why.
It's a barman's
job to be popular.
It pays to be nice.
I saw you on the search party.
Rowan and Maggie were
regulars. Good kids.
I was happy to help.
So. you'll be happy to help by
allowing us to search your home?
Knock yourselves out.
21:14. DCI Ellis and DS
Harper pausing the interview.
OFFICER 1: It has been
recorded? OFFICER 2: Yeah. yeah.
Ninety-three hours.
TRENT: Carlos' flat is clean.
Minicab checks out. Girlfriend
greeted him at the door.
It's a solid alibi. Ah. shit.
Sorry. Boss.
BELMONT: Oh. dear.
Nothing to hold him on?
Please.
Why did you tell the Edwards
we should release
Mason from custody?
I didn't. KNOCKING
Come in.
Sorry. boss... and boss.
Soil analysis. as
requested. Mm-hm.
High peat content. grass seeds.
Lab reckons it's from some
place called Lower Moor.
We need to search
properties here.
Remote locations. any
with... Lower Moor?
That's over 100 square miles. We
don't have the bodies for that.
You'd need volunteers.
You would need...
Cooperation from all
the families involved.
like Linda Bradley had.
until you arrested Mr Mason in
front of the entire search party.
And you've nothing
to hold him on.
PHONE RINGS
The farmer who called in
a trespasser the night of.
get me that again.
Yeah. thanks for getting back to
me. I need to ask you a favour.
CAMERA CLICKING
'If your car becomes submerged.
you must remember to stay calm.
'and that reaction time
is key to survival.
'Reaction time to deep
water is essential.
'You will have less
than 30 seconds.'
SLOW TICKING
James! Rowan's watch.
Cheers.
RAPID TICKING
She's full-on. you
gotta give her that.
Brain like a Ferrari. Look.
Yeah. but she's
all about the case.
You know. I tried to buy her a drink
the other night. break the ice.
and she was... I
said. look. Chet.
Rain Bradley. north of the park.
on Church Street.
travelling away from home.
You going to tell
her. or should I?
Nice one.
PHONE RINGS
Brian... Yeah. sorry.
look. I know it's late.
I need you to run your eye
over a pathology report.
Something isn't
right. KNOCKING
Mm-hm. Yeah. sending it now.
I think we have something.
Park is here. Rain
Bradley is here.
Heading north.
On Church Street.
St Alma's Church.
OWL HOOTS
CAR LOCK BEEPS
DOOR CREAKS AND SHUTS
SQUEAKING
DEEP EXHALE
GIRL GRUNTS AND MOANS
Help!
TYRES SQUEAL
SIREN BLASTS
Search this place
from top to bottom.
I want every item
tested for DNA.
Boss. they found her.
They found Maggie!
O2 levels are 84. We
need to get a line in.
SIREN WAILS
MEDIC: If you could just go and
make sure you've taken bloods.
We've got vomit...
Have you taken bloods?
MEDICS CHATTER
SHE GASPS
Urgent request for a CT scan.
Maggie. love?
Maggie.
I'm here now.
I'm here with DCI Ellis.
Mum?
Hi. Maggie.
I was really hoping
that we could talk.
if you can manage that.
That's great.
A lot of people have been
looking for you. Maggie.
Looking for me?
You've been missing
for five days.
The last time anyone saw
you. you were with Rowan.
Rowan?
That's right. The pool party.
You left with Rowan.
SHE GRUNTS Where is he?
Rowan isn't here.
but we really want to
know where you've been.
what you remember.
UNCERTAINLY: I was at home.
No. pet. You didn't go home.
Rowan took me there.
Not home. Maggie.
somewhere else.
Where did he take you?
Maggie?
Maggie! MACHINE BEEPING
OVER PA: 'Dr Wilson.
you're needed in A&E.
'That's Dr Wilson
to A&E. please.'
SHE SIGHS
Phone records for Harper.
I've sent yours by email.
Thanks.
I didn't mention St Alma's. I
thought I'd give them a moment.
Did you get anything from Maggie?
She doesn't know Rowan's dead.
The head injury. Or all
the drugs in her system.
The doctor showed me the tox
report. It was quite a cocktail.
And restraining injuries on
her wrists? Yeah. I saw those.
Thanks for the coffee.
I'm gonna need it.
Someone from the station
will contact you very soon.
But you have my number.
Yeah. All right.
How's Maggie? In surgery.
Be hours before we
can talk to her again.
Yeah. he's... He's
pretty shaken up.
Says she just ran
out in front of him.
She was running AWAY
from the village.
Full perimeter
search. Yes. ma'am.
Footprints. witnesses.
Any properties. especially
abandoned areas. Understood.
Rowan and Amy texted each other
more than anyone else that week.
Yeah.
Check Rowan's bank statement
for last Wednesday.
Erm...
£43. Felmark Service
Station... So?
No-one mentioned he
was taking a road trip.
Get Trent to check out ANPR.
PHONE RINGS
Belmont... wanting
his daily dirt.
What's there to report? It's
not like you tell me anything.
Cos there's no need to...
Look. boss. I don't
need your life story.
just basics. where
you live. family.
how... how do you
like your coffee?
PHONE RINGS
Yes! Hello.
OK. We're on our way.
That was Mercer.
Says it's urgent.
Amy.
Maggie was... Spiked.
That's why she was so out of it.
When... When you say spiked. you...
Somebody put something in her drink.
Some... Something? What?
Special K. I think.
Ketamine.
And when you say somebody...
Carrie Booth.
Just to clarify. Amy didn't
know about any of this
until three days later
when Carrie told her.
Obviously. if she'd been
aware of it at the time.
she would've made sure that
Maggie sought medical help.
I think Carrie just
wanted to show Maggie up.
She always said that Maggie
wasn't good enough for him.
But Rowan didn't know about this?
God. no. He'd have been furious.
That's a lie! Ridiculous.
Why would I do that?
Because Rowan dumped
you for Maggie.
Spiked her drink? Aaron.
Of course not! Believe me.
if Carrie had told me that.
I'd have...
Look. I told you. I
don't do drugs. yeah?
So. no. Just come
and sit down.
Please. Aaron. sit down.
Sorry. this is
totally Amy. right?
What. she say I was so hung up on
Rowan that I drugged his girlfriend?
Oh. my God. It's just so Amy.
I mean. she's the one
who was jealous. Bitch.
She was terrified
Maggie was gonna
bust up their creepy
little cousin vibe.
Amy mentioned that you and
Maggie had a row that night.
What was it about?
Who knows? I said something.
she said something. one
of us wound the other up.
Same as always.
Right. so you're not
friends with Carrie.
and you're not
friends with Maggie?
And your phone records.
they back that up.
But you and. er...
Rowan. you spoke a lot.
Yeah.
Rowan was my best friend.
Carrie. you spiked
Maggie Bradley!
Look. it's not like it was
some... big plan or anything.
I just...
You know. it was more of a
spur-of-the-moment thing. Oh?
You just happened to have some
Ket on you. so you improvised?
Come on. Carrie. We know
Carlos is your dealer.
What. no. I never said that!
I never mentioned Carlos!
That's what you were doing
yesterday by the school
and outside the pub
the night before.
You were begging him
not to tell anyone.
Hey. I know this
must be hard on you.
You reckon? Since nursery.
all through school...
..swim practice
every bloody day.
I mean. I could only stand
it cos we were together.
Yeah. he was my
best friend. but...
But?
But I wasn't his.
You know what I
mean? Not really. no.
Well. he didn't need me.
Probably because he
would confide in Maggie.
and that's why you
don't like her? Maggie?
Look. it's great you found
her. obviously. but...
Obviously. Yeah. yeah. But no.
I don't like her.
And Rowan didn't confide much
in Maggie either. to be honest.
Rowan? Yeah.
It... Amy...
She was the one.
They told each other everything.
they didn't need anyone else.
Family. eh? Can't compete
with that. can you?
Aaron! DS Harper.
I trust my Aaron isn't
giving you any trouble.
Er. no. we were... just
talking about Rowan.
Oh. right.
Well. if you need to
chat to my son again.
please feel free to make a formal
approach through our solicitor.
OK? OK.
And thanks. Aaron.
There is one thing you
could do to help us. Carrie.
Might help you. too.
He keeps his drugs
down in the cellar...
..in The Stonedale Inn.
Charge her. find Carlos
and raid The Stonedale.
PHONE RINGS
Andy?
Yeah. thanks for
coming back to me.
What have you got? Who is she?
That Carrie Booth's
a blooming angel.
Who maliciously
administered poison
with intent to inflict
grievous bodily harm.
She's not our killer.
She can't drive.
Carlos' stash is the biggest haul
we've had around here for 15 years.
But no Carlos. Carlos'
girlfriend called.
said he went out last night.
and he didn't come home.
We've got an alert
out on his car.
Erm. that Aaron is
a strange kid. boss.
And his dad. you
know what he's like.
he turned up before I could
get anything out of him.
He corroborated
the phone records.
and the person that Rowan was
closest to was... Amy Mercer.
I've had enough of this shit!
Is this a murder investigation
or a fucking teen movie?
The only one we should
be interested in is Rain.
So go and pick 'em up and find
out what they/them were doing
to they/their sister
in that/there church.
Forensics haven't given us a link
between Maggie and St Alma's church.
So unless you want to accuse
another member of that family
without any physical
evidence... Forensics.
An inventory of everything
found in the vestry.
Pictures and initial DNA.
Sending it over. boss.
Thank you. Trent. Yeah.
Thank you. Trent (!)
Now. why don't you scoot off
home and get some beauty sleep.
You look like you need it.
Is it Rowan's?
It was found wrapped in a shopping
bag and stuffed behind a radiator.
DNA all over it -
his and Maggie's.
Look at this.
We found this at St Alma's.
We know Rowan wrapped
his hoodie round Maggie
the night she went missing.
OK. but... that's not Rowan's.
Forensics says it is.
What?
It can't be. it...
I think you go to the
church to be with someone.
Rain? Why were you there?
Who do you meet there? Rain!
God.
It must have been him.
Must have been Aaron.
I know what my dad said.
I'm 18. and I can decide.
I don't want a solicitor.
Last time we spoke. Aaron.
you told me you went home
after the pool party.
But Rain Bradley says you met her
at St Alma's Church that night.
that you two have been
meeting there for months now.
and that you're
more than friends.
That's a hard secret to keep.
A lot harder now it's
out. though. right?
Have you met my dad?
Yeah?
Mr Grit?
All he cares about is...
swimming and competing.
I mean. I wasn't even his
favourite on the squad.
That'd be Rowan.
Always the best. Rowan.
If my dad knew I was...
well. you know. about this...
No need to explain
that to me. Aaron.
I only need you to explain this.
Rain swears she didn't
bring it to the church.
Says it could only
have been you.
We know Maggie was wearing
this when she disappeared so...
until we can speak to
her. we have to assume
that whoever had this was
in contact with Maggie.
Well. you'd be assuming wrong.
then. It wasn't on Maggie.
Not when I found it.
Look. a bunch of us met at
school before the search. yeah.
And it was just lying there.
So I picked it up.
But you knew Maggie
was wearing it. Aaron!
Yeah. it's Rowan's.
The hoodie is Rowan's.
The string's missing
from the collar.
that's how I knew it was his.
But. yes. yes. I took
her to the church.
I keep stuff there.
private stuff.
And why would you
keep that from us?
Because I wanted to have something
of Rowan's. something just for me...
..to remember him.
He was my friend. HARPER SIGHS
The night that you and
Maggie had the row.
it was about you and Rain?
Yeah.
She told me to leave her alone.
But... she didn't understand.
Rain's the one
person who gets me.
Me and her.
I can tell her anything.
Bingo! Soil analysis
turned up trumps.
Links the mud on Rowan
to Mason's trainers.
We got him bang to
rights in my book.
Hmm.
The incident list from that Saturday
night. get me that again. Yep.
There you go.
Are you still on that?
Still doing my job. yeah.
Hmm.
It's just. you know... We wanted
physical evidence against Mason.
We've got it. He
wasn't at the caravan.
He was at the same place
as Rowan before he died.
That soil could have come from
anywhere in a hundred square miles.
Belmont said so himself.
This is a lab soil analysis
linking mud on your shoes
to the mud on Rowan
Edward's clothing.
What do you know
about funk music?
I'm more of a
yacht-rock guy myself.
Seriously?
James Brown... might have
been Prince. whatever.
used to say.
"The funk isn't in the notes. it's
in the space between the notes."
Right. Yeah?
Sorry. erm... I...
I don't follow.
It's the same with a case.
It's not the physical
evidence that makes a story.
It's the people in between
and the things that join
those people together.
Hate. love. fear.
Look. all I know is you
can place Mason with Rowan.
And Rowan is dead. Mm-hm.
And that his step-daughter.
she was held and drugged.
for nearly a
week. boss. Mm-hm.
So. what if...?
What if he knew about
Rain's hiding place?
And if forensics. they
can connect him... If!
Well. if he were somewhere else.
then why wouldn't he tell us?
Ah...
Love and fear...
..it's all he's got.
If you really loved her.
you'd have told us the truth.
Cranbriar. What the bloody
hell are you talking about?
Mr Mason had soil
traces on his trainers
that match those
on Rowan's jeans.
Exactly. so...
Soil from Lower Moor.
A hundred square mile
radius. you said so.
But forensics also points
to substantial quantities
of agricultural diesel and nitrate
fertiliser on Mr Mason's shoes.
So what?
Mr Mason doesn't live
anywhere near a farm.
Lower Moor... A farmer
called in about a trespasser.
Someone trying to steal
machinery. Cranbriar.
You were committing a
crime that night. Mr Mason.
But it wasn't murder.
Love. Fear.
You stupid...
The time we've wasted on this!
On you!
All you had to do was tell us!
How could I?
If... If Linda knew I was back
lifting again. she'd throw me out.
And I love her.
I can't lose them.
Talk to me about
Carlos. Anything.
He's done a bunk.
Must have caught wind
somehow. We'll find him.
Put more uniforms on it.
But we got a hit on the ANPR.
Rowan's car was clocked in the
northwest on the 14th of February.
Somebody with him...
looks female. Who? Maggie?
Can't tell.
Good news. Maggie's out of surgery.
Just finding her a bed on the ward.
I need to be there. the
minute she's ready to talk.
Boss wants a word.
Something up. sir?
What's your rush?
Oh.
She's really got the whip
hand on you. hasn't she?
No. we're just...
fresh out of suspects
and... you know. still
got some digging to do.
Well...
I did a bit of digging
myself on our DCI Ellis.
Careful where you pin
your colours. Chet.
Word is. last case
she led. our Ellis...
..went AWOL.
Left her team in
a right shiteshow.
What do you reckon? Some...
..kind of breakdown?
I reckon. erm...
Fuck off. Jim.
It's good to see
you again. Maggie.
We were hoping you
could help us work out
where you've been all this time.
Now. we were thinking
St Alma's. but... No.
No. I've never been. I
don't know why I'd be there.
I can't remember... Anything?
A face. a voice. a sound.
Sometimes it's the small things.
There was something.
It was like...
up above. there
was this droning.
It just went on and
on and on and on.
Just. it never stopped.
Tell me about your trip
to the coast with Rowan.
No. I never went.
You stopped at the services...
three days before the pool party.
There was one day...
Rowan. he wasn't replying
to any of his texts
and then... when he
came back he said...
..he didn't want
to talk about it.
He just said he had
something to take care of?
Where is Rowan? Why hasn't
he come to visit me yet?
I'm so sorry.
I need the details on those
card payments in the morning.
OK. but. listen. Belmont has
been doing some digging and...
LINE BEEPING
PHONE CHIMES
APP: 'You must
remember to stay calm
'and that reaction time
is key to survival.
'You must respond as
quickly as possible.
'Do not attempt...'
PHONE CHIMES
Yeah. anything you've
got would help. Brian.
Yeah. the watch stopped
at 6:32am. that's right.
And you're saying that's
consistent with...
But there's no
water in his lungs.
Three hours. Brian.
You'd better be sure.
Morning. boss. I checked out Rowan's
bank statements like you said.
There's the petrol
station. a cafe.
Er. Clifftop. which is
a gift shop or the like.
Er. the next one is a payment
on a parking app. Where?
Er. location says Parr
Street. Parr Street. Trent.
Maggie. that day that Rowan said
he had something to take care of.
there was a girl in the car.
We can talk about this
with Mum and Dad outside.
You might as well sit down.
I'm not gonna say anything
different if you're out of the room.
Maggie...
..we are so glad you're alive.
Did you think we'd
care if you...
even if you had
had... An abortion?
But I didn't. OK?
Me and Rowan. we...
didn't even...
SHE EXHALES
No. he wasn't about all of that.
No.
He cared about me.
He was different.
Well. you never thought so. you
just thought he was a posh boy.
"When we're ready. Maggie. we'll
both know." that's what he said.
Maggie. if it wasn't you...
So. what she's
saying... it's a lie.
WINDMILLS WHIRRING
My dad's not here.
That's all right.
It's you that I wanted to talk
to. find out how you're feeling.
If you're doing OK. Amy.
I'm fine. How are you?
Yeah. I'm still trying to find
out what happened to Maggie...
..and Rowan...
..after he took
you to the coast.
I know you and Rowan went there.
And I think I know why you went.
It's not easy...
..choosing not to have a baby.
Difficult for you...
..and Rowan.
How long?
Amy...
I'm so sorry. How long?
Oh. baby girl.
AMY CRIES
Since just before my mum died.
I'm so sorry.
No.
No! No. don't go in there!
Jesus.
Amy! No!
Harper! Chet! Mate. wake up.
Possible sighting of Carlos' car
heading towards Winnet's Pass.
Right. who called
it? Joe Public.
Yeah. I'm going to bed.
Seriously. Trent.
I need to sleep!
CAR HORN HONKS
Move!
Two percent? Shit. PHONE DIALS
Oh. God. Come on.
Fuck.
ROCK MUSIC PLAYING
Daddy! No!
Please. Daddy. no. not again!
DOOR OPENS
There you are. Where's Amy?
You think I'd hurt Amy?
Everything I've ever
done is to protect her!
I know about Amy's trip
to the coast with Rowan.
I know how close they
were. Inseparable.
It troubled me. I
don't deny that.
And I was right.
She's pregnant. A
shock for any father.
I told Amy she wasn't
to see Rowan again.
but that made him angry.
He drove up here to attack me.
A much younger
man... fitter. No.
All I ever wanted
was to protect Amy.
But when it came to it...
..she protected me.
Amy... she...
..she saved my life.
She. er... She
picked up a spade.
Hit him three times.
Afterwards she was hysterical.
She wanted to go to the police.
But I promised my wife I'd always
look after our little girl.
And so I told Amy
I'd deal with it.
But when you got to the car.
there she was on the back seat.
Maggie... she slept
through it all.
So. you put Maggie in here and drove
Rowan to the lake. to protect Amy.
Exactly.
But. of course...
I couldn't be sure what
she had seen. so. erm...
..well. we had to keep her quiet.
And Amy knew Carlos had Ketamine.
Well. that was your fault.
You made him nervous.
all your questioning.
He came up here. threatening us.
I did what I had to.
I protected my daughter.
Got him high on his own
supply. you might say.
Oh. come on. it's not as if
he's an innocent! Maggie is.
Innocent. Maggie's a child.
Maggie had no idea
what was going on.
I made certain of that. Until you
released her onto a main road.
You could have killed her.
Just like you did
Rowan. You're not...
You're not listening.
I told you. I didn't kill Rowan.
Amy did. Of course.
And if that had been the case.
Amy could have pled self-defence.
Protecting a loved one.
Except that's not what happened.
Amy didn't kill Rowan.
You did.
HE GRUNTS
You hit him. you
put him in the car
and covered his face...
because you couldn't bear to see
the face of your sister's child.
The child who knew what you'd
done. been doing to Amy for years
until you made her pregnant!
Tough kid.
He was still alive.
He held on for three more hours.
Until you pushed his
car into the lake.
He suffocated!
The plastic bag he'd
put Maggie's shoes in.
sealed around his face by the
weight of the water you put him in.
You killed him. Mr Mercer.
SHE GASPS Come on.
I see.
Well. that does rather
change things. doesn't it?
But not in your favour. You'll
be inside for a long. long time.
And you can't protect
Amy from a prison cell.
♪ On the cover of a magazine!
♪ I'm a bad. bad. man... ♪
PHONE BEEPS
SPADE SCRAPES
Argh!
DOOR SLAMS
CAR HORN HONKS
TYRES SCREECH
Oh. jeez.
WOMAN: 'Good work. Ellis. DCI
Belmont's loving the limelight.'
He's all over the
press briefings.
But the top brass
know who to thank.
We thought we might
call on you again.
Not a regular position as such. more
like emergency-emergency services.
Huh! Admit it. Ells.
Good to be back?
No! Parachuted in like the
Wicked Witch of the West.
Starting from scratch.
no team. no support.
No support? Really?
Hey. I think he burned his bridges
when he told Belmont to fuck off.
Yeah. "fuck off"
usually does that.
So. I find myself in the
market for a new job.
Er. there's a position
here as a new barman.
So. yeah. erm. what
can I get you to drink?
Is it another coffee... boss?
Black. one sugar.